export init_filtered_states (#100)
insightsengineering/teal.slice: NEWS.md

* The join keys stored inside `FilteredData` are now `JoinKeys` objects.
* Updated `get_filter_state` to return a list of active filter states and an attribute with the character form of the filter states.
* Updated `get_varlabels` method in the `FilterStates` classes, accepts a vector input.

> * Exported `S3` method `init_filtered_states` so that it can be used in other packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Exported `S3` generic function `init_filtered_states` so that it can be used in other packages.
```
